Contains the data used in the paper: microarray data and clinical data with their annotation files. All of the data are freely available at www.gluegrant.org 
for registered researchers. "Members who seek access to the human research data will have been granted from their home institution, institutional review board 
(IRB) approval to receive human research data in a manner consistent with the protection of confidentiality of the subjects" 
(www.gluegrant.org/glueadmin/register_consortium.jsp). Please contact the corresponding author John Storey (jstorey@princeton.edu) after being granted access 
to the full data set, and he will provide explicit instructions for incorporating the raw clinical and expression data into this analysis workflow bundle.

The user will need to obtain the dChip normalization software from https://sites.google.com/site/dchipsoft/ (we used dchip_2010_01.exe). Rename this file to 
dchip.exe (drop the version info) and copy this .exe to CEL folder. 
 
The folder contains data used in the paper and the subfolders are:
1. normarray
Contains the files of the normalized microarrays and the *.txt of the 20 cross-validations used in the paper.
2. clinical_data
Contains the files with clinical information of patients.
3. endotoxin
Contains the normalized gene expression of the endotoxin study of Calvano SE et al (2005).
4. Ingenuity
Contains files from Ingenuity with information of the ranking of canonical pathways Ingenuity and mapping of the top 500 probesets from the WPEC analysis of 
126 patients (12-250hours).
5. top3663WPEC
Contains file from DAVID with information of the gene sets of the top 3663 probesets from the WPEC analysis of 126 patients (12-250hours).
